Welcome to the first exercise of the course.
Now per this video please open the exercise number one tab
in your complete personal finance dashboard
and scroll down to complete the ten questions
in this exercise.
And as you can see I hid the answers
so please click on this plus sign here
to see the answers.
And after you've completed part or all of the questions,
please watch the next video which explains the answers.
Use whatever currency you want to use as well please.
And so I'm gonna use Swiss francs for this one.
And so as of today,
one Swiss franc is worth about the same as one US dollar.
And you can always change the currency value here
as you know in the settings tab.
And as with all exercises in the course,
when you have completed it please click
the checkbox you see here.
Okay?
Now have fun with this one.
Play around with it.
And customize it for your current financial goals,
your spending patterns, et cetera.
Enjoy. Thank you.